All right, so you can also use git pull.
Fetching is always a good idea,
keeps everything up-to-date.
I always try to fetch often,
see when changes happen, and
then pull in any changes I want.
Git pull is just like a convenient
form of what we just got done doing.
Fetches the changes, and then merges
those changes into your branch.
And so you can do git pull,
the remote, and then the branch name.
You can also for convenience just use git
pull and it will use the current one.
Back in the day, 15 years ago or
whenever I started using git,
when you'd use git push,
it pushed all of your branches up.
It was fantastic.
It would just send everything.
So when you were just on your own
branch and you git pushed and
you had changes to the mainline,
you actually just got done updating
the company's main repo with no testing or
anything.
Man, those were just the days.
Absolutely a lot of fun.
And so, problem, let's add one line at
the end of the README in hello-git and
with a commit message, A remote change.
But before you do that,
I've noticed something and
I want to make sure we
don't have any accidents.
If you merged or
cherry-picked changes into your trunk,
you will have this extra commit.
And I just want to make sure everything
goes swimmingly from here on out.
So if you've done this,
has everyone done this, right?
Okay, cuz it will diverge slightly
from what's on the screen.
Cuz I didn't include that when
I was printing everything out.
So if you've done that, it's okay, I just
wanna make sure you know that it's there.
And so if it's slightly diverging,
there's no problems.
All right, so let's add the one line at
the end of hello-git on your remote trunk.
So I'll navigate over to hello-git.
I will echo in a, what is it?
A remote change at
the last line of README.
At this point, it becomes important to
make sure you're doing the same changes
cuz we're gonna kinda get
into some trouble here soon.
So I'm gonna go vim README, gonna go
all the way down to here, add this in.
Add it, commit it,
a remote change, there we go.
So hopefully everyone can do
the same thing to hello-git.
I did not use status.
Remember, again,
it is good practice to use status.
Since these are so trivial,
I probably won't use status all the time,
but typically I never git add
without doing a git status.
And for those that don't know,
git add dot adds every file,
starting at my directory,
that git can find that has changes.
So usually you do git add a path to
a specific file, but for convenience,
you can do git add dot, long as you
have a good git ignore setup and
everything's really, really nice.
All right, now we're gonna execute
a git pull on the remote-git.
So I want you to open up remote-git and
just go git pull, right?
Because we have trunk in remote, we have
trunk in hello, hello has been updated.
We just want to pull in the change.
It's going to error.
I want you to tell me why it errors.
So I'm gonna switch over to remote.
I'm gonna git pull.
The arrow is pretty simple.
It's just because you have a branch
name trunk doesn't mean that gets going
to just magically assume that the trunk
on another branch is the same one.
You have to set tracking information.
You have to tell git which remote
are you linking this branch to.
Because you could technically have a bunch
of remotes, which remote should I choose?
And so you have to have some sort
of way to set the exact thing that
you're tracking.
And so the easiest thing for
us to do is to take this line right
here with git branch, execute it.
And we have origin, right?
We only have one remote.
It's literally saying git
branch set-upstream-to-origin/,
oopsies, origin/trunk.
And I'm gonna do it for branch name trunk.
And so now that I've done that,
I can now pull in those changes.
Cuz now it knows, when I execute git pull,
it now knows where to pull stuff in from.
And back in the old days, git pull
would just pull all the things, right?
I'm glad those days are gone.
Man, did I mess up some
serious repos back then.
All right, so hopefully you can
think about GitHub now, and
you realize what GitHub is.
It's just your repo on
someone else's computer.
That's all it really is.
We're doing the exact same things
you'd be doing with GitHub,
except we're just doing it locally.
And so, again,
hopefully the magic is now even less.
Now, there's specific ways in which
you can communicate to GitHub
that we're obviously not doing here,
but it's less magical.
All right, so what about rebase?
Well, typically whenever I pull
changes in from my authority repo,
I prefer to rebase the changes in.
The reason why is that, again,
I like a nice clean history,
any changes I'm making,
I prefer my changes at the tip.
Because if I wanna do testing again,
I don't want my changes somewhere
deep within the history, I wan it exactly
at the end where I could edit those,
I could squash those, I can change them.
They're still my changes until I
commit them to the public repo.
And so that's how I like to live.
I think rebase is the best.
We'll go over sort of why it's the best.
I know it's my opinion, but
I believe it's the correct opinion.
Also, it doesn't really matter
whether you use merge or rebase.
If you have a long lived feature,
branch, life sucks.
So there's just no way around that.
Whether you're using rebase or
merge, it's just gonna be a pain.
So there's not like a super special
strategy to get around that.
By the way, so the reason why I personally
like the rebasing approach is that every
now and
then I need to revert something, right?
So if I am under really strict practice of
always moving my changes to the front with
rebase, I'm always squashing
them down to a singular commit.
If that one day does happen to come
by where you accidentally messed
up production a little bit,
a singular commit with no merge commits,
with none of that, is very easy to revert.
But if you have six commits with
several merge commits in between,
reverting is just more challenging.
Cuz now you're gonna have to figure out
how to pull out all that information and
make sure that it is now updating.
Just a lot more, it's a huge pain.
So this is why I choose this way.
It's very intentional.
I'm planning for failure as
opposed to planning for success,
which is why I use rebase.
By the way, if you like rebase and
you prefer to use it,
you can actually just add it to a config.
I actually don't have it set as a config.
I always like to kinda manually,
I don't know,
I like to manually do it,
kind of Boomer energy here, but you can
just simply do git config add global pull
rebase true, and it will always do that.
Don't do that now, cuz, well,
we're gonna do some merging and
then some rebasing as well, so I just
want you to know that that's a thing.
For now you can just do
git pull --rebase and
it will pull it and
do a rebase as opposed to a merge.
Yeah, look at that, I even warned
myself cuz I knew I'd goof it up.
>> [LAUGH]
>> It's just so easy to do that.